What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?
	A. It creates the required git configuration directory and data store.
	B. You need to initialize the git configuration.
	
How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository? What value do you think it offers?
	A. Staging area is temp directory.
	B. Allows you to experiment before committing to a change.
	
How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical change?
	A. Only add files to the staging that are part of the logical change.

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history organized? How would branches help?
	A. Keep really big experimental changes separate from normal changes.
	
How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?
	A. They show you reachabilty.
	
What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in the diagram the way we do?
	A. you combine all the changes together.
	B. So you can see the timing of each change.

What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges manually?
	Pro
	If the change is obvious it will auto merge which is great and saves time.
	
	Con
	If the change is in the same area as another it will fail.
	If the change fails you must manually fix it.

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you use one instead of another?
	fork - basically cloning another users project via github while providing credit to them and allowing call backs to their code.
	clone - downloading all files and logs of a project to another location.
	branches - create experimental versions or additions to code which you can merge back to the master if you want later.
	
	Use a fork when you don't have access to another persons project on github
	Use clone when you want to copy all files and logs of a project to another location.
	Use branches when you want to experiment with some code and not break your master branch.

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally?
	Being able to diff and merge the copies.